Update changelog.md (#4666)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/mobile-changelog.md

 - Fixed an issue where the app performed slowly on Android devices that ran at 120fps instead of the normal 60fps.

### Known Issues

>  - Custom status hanges from the webapp while the app is in the background do not get reflected on the Mobile App until closing and re-opening the app.

Reviewer: Custom statuses hang in webapp when the app is in the background is clear; however, the second half of this sentence is less clear. What doesn't get reflected in the Mobile App until users close and reopen?

>  - When changing the custom status from the webapp while the Mobile App is in the background, the custom status does not get reflected on the Mobile App until closing and re-opening the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - When changing the custom status from the webapp while the Mobile App is in the background, the custom status does not get reflected on the Mobile App until you close and re-open the Mobile App.
```
